4 Nights / 5 Days
Delhi(0N) → Shimla(1N) → Kufri(0N) → Mashobra(0N) → Shimla(1N) → Kullu(0N) → Manali(2N)
price = 20000/-


Day 1: Pickup from Delhi and Transfer to Shimla By Volvo
The first journey is to Shimla by Volvo (overnight journey).
Drop to Shimla in the morning.

Day 2: Shimla Local Sightseeing
Reach Shimla in early morning.
Pickup by our Company Representative and check-in to Hotel (check in time 12:00 PM) and rest for sometime.
Visit Vice Regal Lodge of Shimla which is a heritage building situated on the Observatory Hill of Shimla.
Next, visit Christ Church Shimla which was built in 1857 in the neo-Gothic style.
And also visit Gaiety Theatre and Scandal Point.
Evening time is free to stroll by the famous “The Mall”.
Overnight stay Shimla hotel.

Day 3: Shimla to Kufri, Mashobra and Naldehra
After Breakfast, Proceed to Kufri in private vehicle.
Kufri is famous for its Himalayan National Park, Yak Ride and one can see the endless Himalayan Panorama from Kufri,
Later, see apple orchards in Mashobra.
Then visit Naldehra famous for dense forest, take a jungle walk.
Come back to Shimla, overnight stay in Shimla hotel.

Day 4: Shimla to Kullu then Manali
After breakfast check out from the Hotel and start for Manali.
Visit sightseeing spots on the way like SunderNagerLake, Pandoh dam, Hanogi Mata temple, Vaishno Mata Temple.
In the evening, reach Manali.
Overnight stay at Manali hotel.

Day 5: Manali to Rohtang to Solang Valley and back to Manali
After breakfast, visit Solang Valley and Rohtang Pass which is 51 km from Manali at an altitude of 3978 meters.
You could also try adventure activities.
On the way, stop by Gulaba and several waterfalls.
Drive back to Manali in the evening.
Shop or spend leisure time in the evening in Manali.
Overnight stay in Manali hotel.

Day 6: Manali Local Sightseeing
On Day 6, visit 450 years old Hidimba Mata temple.
Visit Manu Temple and Shiv Temple.
Get entertained at The Club House Manali, an amusement and adventure retreat with indoor games/sports, auditorium, library, video game centre, billiards room, the skating rinks etc.
Visit Van Vihar in Manali adorned with sky touching deodar trees and a beautiful lake.
Stroll and do some shopping on Mall Road.
Visit Handicraft Centre for some shopping.
Go 3987m above sea level at Rohtang Pass.
*Please note that Rohtang Pass is only open between May to October.
Spend the rest of the day at leisure or walk to the Nearby picturesque village of Vashisht known for its hot sulphur springs.
In the evening, you will get dropped at Manali Volvo Bus stand where you can catch Volvo bus for Delhi.