4 Nights / 5 Days
Kochi(0N) → Munnar(2N) → Thekkady(1N) → Alleppey(1N)
price = 16000/-



Day 1: Arrive in Kochi & Transfer to Munnar
Arrive in Kochi and transfer to Munnar. 
On the way, visit Kodanad Elephant Care Center, Cheeyappara waterfalls, Valara waterfalls, Attukadu waterfalls, Spice plantations, etc.
Reach Munnar by afternoon.
On arrival check in to the hotel.
Overnight stay at Munnar.

Day 2: Explore Munnar
After breakfast, go for a sightseeing tour of Munnar.
Visit Eravikulam National Park (Rajamalai), Mattupetty Dam, Tea Estates, Echo Point, Spice Plantation, Rose Garden, Photo Point, Honey Bee Tree, Tea Museum, Blossom Park, Kundala Dam, and Top Station.
You can also enjoy boating in the lake, rock climbing, trekking (optional).
Overnight stay at Munnar.

Day 3: Munnar to Thekkady
After breakfast, proceed to Thekkady.
On arrival check in to the hotel.
Sightseeing tour of Thekkady.
Visit Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary, Mulla Periyar Dam, and Spice Plantations tour where one can shop exotic spices.
In the evening you can go for a boat cruise in the lake and experience the wilderness.
Enjoy watching martial arts of Kerala, kathakali, elephant ride, bamboo rafting, jeep safari, natural walk, jungle patrol, trekking, and can go for Ayurveda massages (Optional).
Overnight stay at Thekkady

Day 4: Thekkady to Alleppey
Leave for Alleppey in the morning.
On arrival check in to the houseboat,
In Alleppey enjoy the backwaters, scenery, and different places for 21 hrs in Kerala-style houseboats from 12 noon.
In the houseboat, you will be greeted with a welcome drink and served tea, snacks, mineral water, lunch, dinner, and breakfast.
Overnight stay in the houseboat.

Day 5: Departure
After breakfast, visit Alleppey beach.
Drive to Kochi for sightseeing.
Visit Fort Kochi, Navy Museum, St. Francis Church, Chinese Fishing Net, Santa Cruz Basilica, Mattanchery Palace, Jewish Synagogue, Marian drive, Marine walkway, boating, Tripunithura Hill Palace.
You can find some time for shopping at Kochi.
Our representative will drop you at Kochi Airport/railway station/bus stand for your onward journey back home.