6 Nights / 7 Days
Kochi(0N) → Munnar(2N) → Thekkady(1N) → Alleppey(1N) → Varkala(1N) → Poovar(1N)
price = 22000/-



Day 1: Kochi to Munnar
On arrival at Kochi airport, you will meet and receive assistance from our representative and transfer to Munnar.
On the way, see Spice Plantations, Valara Falls, Cheeyappara Falls, Kallar Falls, Karadippara Viewpoint, Attukkad Waterfalls, Pothamedu Viewpoint, International Blossom Park, Headwork's Dam, etc.
On arrival at Munnar, check in to the hotel.
Dinner and overnight stay at Munnar.

Day 2: Munnar Sightseeing
After breakfast, proceed for sightseeing in Munnar.
Visit Rajamala and Lakkam Waterfalls.
Enjoy and relax near the tea gardens.
Later, return to the hotel and enjoy hot tea sitting outside in the garden.
Dinner and overnight stay at Munnar

Day 3: Munnar to Thekkady
After breakfast, transfer to Thekkady.
On the way, visit Signal Viewpoint, Lockhart Gap View, Chinnakanal Falls, Panniyar Dam, Tea Factory, and Spice Plantation.
On arrival at Munnar, check in to the hotel.
In the afternoon, visit Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary and enjoy a motorboat cruise through Periyar Tiger Reserve Forest Lake.
Also, visit Spice Plantation.
You can also enjoy Ayurvedic massage, the Kathakali show, Elephant safari, etc (optional).
Dinner and overnight stay at Thekkady. 

Day 4: Thekkady to Alleppey
After breakfast, transfer to Alleppey.
On arrival at Alleppey, check in to the houseboat.
Relax in the houseboat and enjoy the scenic beach as the boat passes through paddy fields, natural beauty, resorts, and rustic villages.
Also, enjoy the scenic waterfall and sunset from the houseboat. 
Dinner and overnight stay at Alleppey.

Day 5: Alleppey to Kovalam
After breakfast, transfer to Kovalam.
On the way, visit Padmanabhapuram Palace.
On arrival in Kovalam, check in to the hotel.
In the afternoon, enjoy leisure time on the beach.
Dinner and overnight stay at Kovalam.

Day 6: Excursion to Trivandrum
After breakfast, proceed for an excursion to Trivandrum.
Proceed for a sightseeing tour of Trivandrum.
Visit covering Napier Museum, Sree Padmanabha Temple, and Kuthiramalika Museum.
In the afternoon, relax on the beach.
Later, return to the hotel in Kovalam.
Dinner and overnight stay Kovalam.

Day 7: Departure
After breakfast, transfer to Trivandrum/Kochi airport for your onward journey back home.