3...


6 Nights / 7 Days
Shillong(1N) → Cherrapunjee(2N) → Megalay(1N) -> Kanziranga national park(2N)
price = 20000/-



Day 1: Arrival in Guwahati & Transfer to Shillong
Arrive at Guwahati Airport, a representative will be there to greet you.
Drive to Shillong (from Guwahati Airport 120 Km/4 Hours).
En-route visit Barapani Lake for some Water Sports Activity (a nominal fee is required to be paid).
On arrival in the evening check-in at the hotel/guest house.
The evening is free for leisure.
Overnight stay in Shillong.

Day 2: Shillong to Cherrapunjee
After early breakfast depart for Cherrapunjee.
Enjoy a pleasant drive to see waterfalls & gorges.
Cherrapunjee - The wettest place on Earth offers roaring waterfalls, limestone caves, a living root bridge, & galore of water & adventure activities.
Visit the gorgeous Seven Sisters falls & the Mawsmai cave & Thangkharang Park.
En-route visit Shillong Peak & Elephant Falls.
In the evening check-in at the resort in Cherrapunjee.
Overnight stay in Cherrapunjee.

Day 3: Trek to Double Decker Living Root Bridge
After breakfast trek from the resort to Nongriat village to the two-tier (or Double Decker) Living Root Bridge.
The trek to this double-decker is tough and will take approximately three hours down a very steep village path through forested areas.
On the way, you will pass through four other smaller living root bridges of various shapes and sizes and a traverse across an iron cable suspension bridge hovering above 45 ft above a chasm of a roaring waterfall.
The trek is hard, certainly not for the faint-hearted but the exhilarating experience is well worth it.
Enjoy swimming in a natural swimming pool and also your packed lunch.
In the evening return to the resort.
Overnight stay in Cherrapunjee.

Day 4: Cherrapunjee to Dawki to Shnongpdeng
After breakfast sightseeing tour of Dawki River
Stop at Krang Suri Waterfalls on the way to Shnongpdeng
In the evening drive to Shnongpdeng for an overnight stay

Day 5: Shnongpdeng to Shillong
After breakfast, start drive to Shillong
On arrival in the evening check-in at the hotel/resort.
Free time for leisure.
Overnight stay at Shillong.

Day 6: Shillong to Guwahati
After breakfast drive to Guwahati.
On arrival check in at the hotel.
Overnight stay at Guwahati.

Day 7: Departure
After breakfast check out from the hotel.
Transfer to railway station/airport for your onward journey.